            JACKSON LABORATORY NON-COMMERCIAL LICENSE AGREEMENT
                      Version 1.0 dated 2018-3-31

This Agreement grants to users ("You" or "Your") certain non-exclusive,
revocable and temporary license rights to a computation analysis software
developed by The Jackson Laboratory, known and distributed under the name JAX
"TCGA Subtype Classification" (the "TCGA Subtype Classification" Software"),
subject to the terms set forth herein.  You accept the terms set forth herein
upon Your downloading, loading, receiving and/or running the "TCGA Subtype
Classification" Software, or upon Your exercising any right set forth herein.

1.	USE.  During the Term, You are granted the right to use an unmodified copy
of the "TCGA Subtype Classification" Software in source and binary forms, as
well as the right to use results provided by running the "TCGA Subtype
Classification" Software.  This right to use is limited solely to direct and
indirect non-commercial use.  As used herein, the term "non- commercial"
includes, but is not limited to the following: not seeking to exploit the "TCGA
Subtype Classification" Software by charging a fee; non-competitive use;
offering service for no cost; not receiving any commercial gain; and not part of
a commercial transaction.

2.	DISTRIBUTE.  During the Term set forth below in Section 6, You are granted
the right to distribute an unmodified copy of the "TCGA Subtype Classification"
Software in source and binary forms, as well as the right to distribute results
provided by running the "TCGA Subtype Classification" Software.  This right to
distribute is limited solely to direct and indirect non-commercial distribution.
Any unmodified copy of the "TCGA Subtype Classification" Software that you
distribute, whether in source or binary form, must retain the copyright notice,
"Copyright The Jackson Laboratory, 2018," a copy of this Agreement, and the
disclaimer set forth below in Section 5.

3.	REDISTRIBUTE.  During the Term set forth below in Section 6, You are granted
the right to redistribute an unmodified copy of the "TCGA Subtype
Classification" Software in source and binary forms, as well as the right to
redistribute results provided by running the "TCGA Subtype Classification"
Software, subject to such right to redistribute being restricted to direct and
indirect non-commercial redistribution. Any unmodified copy of the "TCGA Subtype
Classification" Software that you redistribute, whether in source or binary
form, must retain the copyright notice, "Copyright The Jackson Laboratory,
2018," a copy of this Agreement, and the disclaimer set forth below in Section
5.

4. 	NO ENDORSEMENT/PROMOTION.  You agree not to endorse or promote any product
or service directly or indirectly resulting from use of the "TCGA Subtype
Classification" Software, from use of results provided by running the "TCGA
Subtype Classification" Software, or from distributing/redistributing the "TCGA
Subtype Classification" Software or results provided by running the "TCGA
Subtype Classification" Software, without specific prior written permission from
The Jackson Laboratory.

5.	DISCLAIMER.  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER AND
CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGES.

6.	TERM.  This Agreement shall commence upon Your downloading, loading and/or
running the "TCGA Subtype Classification" Software, or upon Your exercising any
right set forth herein, and shall remain effective for a period of one (1) year,
thereafter.

7.	GOVERNING LAW.  This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Maine
and the United States.

8.	COMMERCIAL USE/DISTRIBUTION.  The Jackson Laboratory reserves the right to
offer a license to commercial use and distribution the "TCGA Subtype
Classification" Software and results provided by running the "TCGA Subtype
Classification" Software.  Inquiries for such commercial license are directed
to:
    The Jackson Laboratory for Genomic Medicine
    10 Discovery Drive
    Farmington, CT 06032
    bill.flynn@jax.org


Copyright The Jackson Laboratory, 2018
